Your cultivation is exhausted
You are the pinnacle of the world
So and so
You still have to self-destruct
Enhance the power of divine suffering
I can live for revenge
Can also die for revenge
What do you mean?
Why did you die?
Once the power of the bones reaches the peak
Destroy the earth unimaginable
Toxicity will also increase to the maximum
If all awaken and become stock gods
In your mortal body you have only three days to live
Not for three days.
Peak I don't want you to die
If I don't become a true stock god
I can't avenge Shenyunzong
Can't avenge my elders
He will be killed by your father
From now on
Xiao Yingfeng is the master of the entire Shadow Forest
Master of the Shadow Grove
minister
Willing to follow the god of stocks
Saddle before and after
Until death
Follow the god of stocks until death